Remote File Inclusion (RFI)
This is a vulnerability which is extremely common with web applications with dynamically include external files. When web applications take user input (URL, parameter value, etc.) and pass them into file include commands, the web application might be tricked into including remote files with malicious code. Although almost all web application frameworks support file inclusion and they are perfectly secure. The issue begins when the user supplied input is accepted without proper validation. The malicious user can easily create backdoors, get unauthorised access to restricted data, run malicious code on the server, take complete control of the server etc.
As said before most web application architectures allow for user input in the form of URL, parameter and value. When such user input is not sanitised and properly validated then the user can easily redirect the web application to an unsafe address where the security of the web application is ultimately compromised which maybe range from gaining unauthorised access to restricted data all the way to Cross Site Scripting (XSS) and thus eventually leading to a compromised system. PHP is particularly vulnerable to RFI attacks due to the extensive use of “file includes” in PHP programming and due to default server configurations that increase susceptibility to an RFI attack.
Libraries Used
Request – This particular library has been used as we need to make HTTP requests in order to check for the RFI vulnerability.
sys – This particular library is necessary as it helps by providing various functions and variables to manipulate different parts of the Python Runtime environment.
Goal of the code – Scan the target web application for a RFI vulnerability
Logic Utilized – 
To Be Noted – The present version of our RFI scanner checks the local host because of legal restrictions (lack of permission) we cannot check on any web applications right now.
